ApiTestCase and assertions docs (#875)
api-platform/docs: core/testing.md

# Testing Utilities

API Platform Core provides a set of useful utilities dedicated to API testing.
For an overview of how to test an API Platform app, be sure to read [the testing cookbook first](../distribution/testing.md).

## The Test HttpClient

API Platform provides its own implementation of the [Symfony HttpClient](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/http_client.html)'s interfaces, tailored to be used directly in [PHPUnit](https://phpunit.de/) test classes.

> While all the convenient features of Symfony HttpClient are available and usable directly, under the hood the API Platform implementation manipulates directly [the Symfony HttpKernel](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/http_kernel.html) to simulate HTTP requests and responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While all the convenient features of Symfony HttpClient are available and usable directly, under the hood the API Platform implementation manipulates [the Symfony HttpKernel](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/http_kernel.html) directly to simulate HTTP requests and responses.
```

> This approach allows a huge boost performance compared to triggering real network requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach results in a huge performance boost compared to triggering real network requests.
```

> It also allows to access to the Symfony kernel, to the [Dependency Injection Container](https://symfony.com/doc/current/testing.html#accessing-the-container) and so to all your services!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also allows to access to the [Symfony HttpKernel](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/http_kernel.html and to all your services via the [Dependency Injection Container](https://symfony.com/doc/current/testing.html#accessing-the-container) 
```

> Reuse them to run - for instance - SQL queries or requests to external APIs directly from your tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reuse them to run, for instance, SQL queries or requests to external APIs directly from your tests.
```

## API Test Assertions

In addition to [the built-in ones](https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/fr/latest/assertions.html), API Platform provides convenient PHPUnit assertions dedicated to API testing:

```php
<?php
// api/tests/MyTest.php

namespace App\Tests;

use ApiPlatform\Core\Bridge\Symfony\Bundle\Test\ApiTestCase;

class MyTest extends ApiTestCase
{
    public function testSomething(): void
    {
        // static::createClient()->request(...);

        // Asserts that the returned JSON is equal to the passed one
        $this->assertJsonEquals(/* a JSON document as an array or as a string */);

        // Asserts that the returned JSON is a superset of the passed one
        $this->assertJsonContains(/* a JSON document as an array or as a string */);

        // justinrainbow/json-schema must be installed to use the following assertions

        // Asserts that the returned JSON matches the passed JSON Schema
        $this->assertMatchesJsonSchema(/* a JSON Schema as an array or as a string */);

        // Asserts that the returned JSON is validated by the JSON Schema generated for this resource by API Platform

>         // For collections (like)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // For collections
```
